Add rpc to coap reference (#366)
golioth/docs: docs/reference/2-protocols/1-coap/6-rpc.md

---
id: rpc
title: RPC
---

[Remote Procedure Call (RPC) Service](/device-management/rpc) definitions over
CoAP.

How to use guides:

- [RPC Overview](/device-management/rpc)

## Interface

| Method  | Description                        | Path              | Content Format |
| ------- | ---------------------------------- | ----------------- | -------------- |

> | OBSERVE | Listen for RPCs sent to a device.  | `/.rpc`           | JSON/CBOR      |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| GET/Observe | Listen for RPCs sent to a device.  | `/.rpc`           | JSON/CBOR      |
```

CoAP.

How to use guides:

- [RPC Overview](/device-management/rpc)

## Interface

| Method  | Description                        | Path              | Content Format |
| ------- | ---------------------------------- | ----------------- | -------------- |
| OBSERVE | Listen for RPCs sent to a device.  | `/.rpc`           | JSON/CBOR      |
| POST    | Report RPC status and return data. | `/.rpc/status`    | JSON/CBOR      |

## RPC Parameters and attributes:

Here is an example of an RPC payload sent to a device by the Golioth server:

```json
{
  "id": "multiply/74e4",
  "method": "multiply",
  "params": [ 7, 191 ]
}
```

| Attribute | Description                                                  |
| --------- | ------------------------------------------------------------ |
| `id`      | String representation of a unique id assigned by the server. |
| `method`  | String indicating the function name called.                  |
| `params`  | Array of input parameters to pass to method.                 |

The `params` may be empty, or contain any combination of values in the following
formats:

- `boolean`
- `float`
- `integer`
- `string`

## RPC Status Parameters and attributes:

> The device returns a payload Golioth server what includes the status of the RPC

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The device returns a payload to the Golioth server that includes the status of the RPC
```

and any data returned by the function:

```json
{
  "id": "multiply/74e4",
  "status": 0,
  "detail": {
    "value": 1337
  }
}
```

| Attribute | Description                                                                                              |
| --------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `id`      | String representation of the unique id received from the server.                                         |
| `status`  | Integer [status code](/reference/protocols/coap/rpc#rpc-status-codes) indicating the outcome of the RPC. |
| `detail`  | Array of output parameters.                                                                              |

The `detail` may be empty, or contain any combination of key/value pairs in the
following formats:

- `boolean`
- `float`
- `integer`
- `string`

> ## RPC Status Codes

Reviewer: Would it make sense to link to firmware SDK docs as we do in device management to make sure this list does not become stale?
